Fix do not respect the time range filter (#48)
VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource: CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * BUGFIX: fix ignore time range filter. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource/issues/47)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: respect time filter for variables update. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/grafana-datasource/issues/47)
```
